## Symphonic Secrets:
In this project, we have designed a game in which the user can play 4 different music based games. Symphonic Secrets challenges the player to brainstorm through clues, to solve the mysteries and collect game credits, which we can use to play the game further and reveal clues, 
Starting off with logging in to the game, we have the option to sign up in the game or log in with our google accounts, after that we're redirected to the main page where we have the option to choose either of the four games to play.The four games are as follows:
1. *Lyrical Enigma Decipher*: First game of Symphonic Secrets, we're given a song's half completed lyrics, with missing spaces and the song playing. We have to fill in the correct lyrics of the song, with the given excerpts and the song. 
2. *Singer Signature Search*: Second game of Symphonic Secrets, we're presented with a song, which plays for a certain duration and can be repeated multiple times to listen. We need to find out the correct name of the singer. We are awarded with game credits.
3. *Melody Mix-Up Solver*: Here, we are presented with song and scrambled version of the song's name. We have to unscramble and find out the song's actual name. Simple yet fun and engaing game, it also awards the player with game credits .
4. *Artist Chronicle Expedition*: In the last game of Symphonic Secrets, we're given interesting life incidents from the life of certain artists. From the given clues, we need to find out the correct artist.